Oh
good morning everybody I am sitting in
my room and just getting some work done
this morning I do have a lecture I'm
going to head off to it shortly
when I say shortly over an hour's time
so I've got some more time to work on my
artistic called physics I have a
supervision this afternoon that is at
the math department where my lecture is
as well so after my lecture I'm not
going to come back on discuss today at
the math department early afternoon and
then finally after my supervision is
done I've got some time to breathe again
I don't have any deadlines for a few
days hallelujah so I can come back and
get my life sorted tidy my room do my
laundry editor vlog just all these
things have been slipping because I've
had so much work to do I probably didn't
help myself in the I went out yesterday
evening to a talk but I have no regrets
because the talk was so good it was from
the Nobel Prize winner for physics from
last year called didier queloz he spoke
so well it was such a good talk all
about exoplanets because back in 1995 I
want to say he discovered the first
exoplanet they're testing the fire
alarms that really scared me my heart's
being so fast oh my god but yeah Didier
shared the Nobel Prize for Physics with
his supervisor and they were awarded it
last year oh and by the way an exoplanet
is a planet which is not in our solar
system so any planet that's orbiting a
star that is not our Sun we call an
exoplanet and yeah I feel like I've got
a pretty good idea now of the latest
stuff they're doing with exoplanets the
new missions they're planning to find
earth-like exoplanets and he bought his
Nobel Prize like the round thing with
him to the talk I saw it from a distance
I wanted to go hold it but there were so
many people there that I didn't have
time to wait around and actually see it
close up but it looks really cool so I'm
glad I went to that talk I feel like you
don't often get these opportunities to
go here and Nobel Prize winners speak
it was free because I have membership of
the Astronomical Society and it's like
five minutes cycle from where I live I
couldn't have missed it it was so good
anyway I'm gonna go have a coffee and
grab a biscuit just to keep me going
this morning hello guys so I finished my
supervision and I'm feeling the freedom
but also I'm so sad right now this is
tragic
it just started chucking it down with
rain as soon as I start cycling off from
the Maps Department classic that it
starts raining as soon as I go outside
yeah look at what I'm dripping
everywhere
I am going to go get some warm dry
clothes on and get going on we're
afternoon tasks because I've got lots of
them lots of laundry room tidying stuff
to be doing
[Music]
[Applause]
okay just putting my laundry on this was
one of my Christmas presents this year
it was a very exciting Christmas it's
bad to put my bras in when I put them in
the wash so that my bra doesn't catch
them anything isn't that great so so I'd
show you my latest laundry gadget whilst
I'm in the laundry room I'm all about
the laundry okay pal
so I've had my lecture this morning I am
now back from my lecture those strikes
going on by the you see you which is a
union teaching staff at universities and
it's kind of a countrywide strike so at
universities all around the country
lecturers are going on strike
usually the sciences lecturers aren't
the ones strikings like broadly speaking
it's mostly the humanities subjects that
have their lecturers going on strike not
sure why but yes over the next few weeks
there's going to be 14 days of strike
action today I don't think I'm going to
get much academic work done I have a
hefty to-do list don't get me wrong but
it's all things like editing my videos
cleaning my think I've done my laundry I
need to fill out some interview
questions I need to the rowing race
I have offered to Hawks
one of the Jesus crews in there getting
on race for the bumps rowing races next
week I haven't cooked in a while not
since last term but they needed someone
to cover and I thought you know what
it's an afternoon so I don't have to get
up early it's not too cold outside today
it is a bit windy and I've just
to the forecast and the wind is really
gonna kick up this afternoon which is
not fun as a because it makes
steering all the more trickier but
anyway it will be fun to do some coaxing
I thought all my deadlines are done for
this week why not help out and just go
be back on the river again for an hour
or so I'm feeling very tired today I
didn't get a very good night's sleep
last night I didn't actually stay up
that late but other people stayed up
late in the house and said I'll travel
so easily in this house so when everyone
was talking in the corridor I could hear
them and I think even after people had
gone to bed I was still just waking up
at regular intervals throughout the
night so I I'm quite tired this morning
at least I don't have anything too
pressing to do today so I can take it a
bit easy also I don't think I explains
but when we went to formal last night
Tim had his sister and a friend visit
from home and Easter had his brother
visit from home so there were lots of
visitors and we had a group of us go to
formal and then we went to the college
bar afterwards and then to the games
room where there's a pool table and I
wasn't allowed to play much because
everyone thought I was really bad at
pool which I am but you know the only
way to get better is by practicing but
people didn't seem to have time for that
I know we went back to the kitchen
played a bit of poker at that point I
went to bed because you know a Thursday
night is midweek and the week isn't over
yeah okay I'm gonna get going
speak to you later
okay peeps it's that time of the week
where I'm off to a Saturday that sir but
I have had time for brunch this morning
so it's all good got my helmet got my
glass let's go to this lecture make some
notes then I've got to be productive and
the few hours I've got this afternoon
before a talk at the Masters Lodge is
all go I'm a busy bee and I had too long
a lion this morning I should took one to
bed earlier last night but I say that
all the time so what can you do hello
everyone say this afternoon I have sat
down and tried to be productive it's
kind of worked now I'm heading to the
Masters Lodge for a talk for two hours
then I shall get dinner and then I need
to do some editing this evening on
Sunday I know it's shocking and you
might not believe what you're seeing
here but I went to the gym hello guys so
it's Sunday evening this morning I had
such a long lion and it was such an
accident I didn't set an alarm for
myself because I trusted myself to wake
up at a reasonable time but no I woke up
about ten o'clock didn't get up into the
bow 11 o'clock which is really not great
when I have such a long to-do list but
hey I've edited YouTube videos today I
went to the gym get me I'm all into the
fitness I had a great meal at CAF this
evening it was roast dinner so I had
roast turkey they actually had mint
sauce for me to put with my roast
potatoes dessert was good it was a
rhubarb crumble and then I've come back
this evening and just had a chilled one
in my room so I'm feeling quite content
today I'm ready for the new week Monday
is starting tomorrow
I've actually got less than three weeks
of lectures left this year which is
insane I'm nearly finished with all the
content that I need to know so I've just
got to revise it after this easy no
problem line I'm going to end this vlog
here so thank you very much for joining
me please give the video a like if you
enjoyed it subscribe to my channel you
know you want to do it you can see lots
more videos from me follow the rest of
my university journey but let me over my
Instagram as well because I post
pictures on there you can see more of
what I'm getting up to us
you guys soon with another video I guess
bye-bye
[Music]
[Applause]